# This is our README :)

## Deployment

You can find StudyBuddy deployed [here](http://oose-studybuddy.herokuapp.com/)

## Download

You can download StudyBuddy from our Github [here](https://github.com/jhu-oose/2019-group-jhuoosers).

## Architecture

StudyBuddy is a web application. It is divided into a client and a server. It uses the tools in out toolbox.

## Server

Server: The entry point of the Server where the main method is called once the Server starts. 
The Server class uses Javalin to start a web server, sets up routing for incoming HTTP requests, 
connects to the SQLite database, and so forth.

Event: A class used to define the events that the user creates. There are three subclasses of event:
StudyEvent, AssessmentEvent, and ProjectEvent that represent different types of events that the user
can create. Events created by users are stored in a database with a unique eventID and userID to determine
what event it is and who created it.

User: Class used to represent the users who sign up for StudyBuddy. There are two types of users:
Students and Professors who have different functionality.

ApplicationController: Class that calls all of the other controllers.
EventsController: Controls the functionality of creating, displaying, deleting, and editing events.
RecsController: Controls the functionality of asking for recommendations, calling the recommendation algorithm, and displaying the possible recommended study events.
UserController: Controls the functionality of managing users signup, login, and authentication, as well as collecting events from the user's google cal.

RecommendationAlgorithm: The main algorithm for this app. It takes in a list of busy times 
from all of the users it's generating the recommendation for, as well as their desired length
of study session time, and returns a list of possible study events for the user to choose from.

TimeChunk: Class used to represent chunks of time when the user is busy or free to aid the 
recommendation algorithm.

CalendarQuickstart: Integrates the Google Calendar API into the application. Allows for the user
to add their google calendar events into their events list, so they can factor those events into the recommendation algorithm. 

##Client

index.html: The part of the Client that sets up the stylesheets and the JavaScript.

styles.css: The stylesheets for the application.

application.js: The beginning of the JavaScript section of the client that mounts the React component.

login-page.js: Displays the login page and the form in which the user inputs their user info.

signup-page.js: Displays the sign up page and the form that users use to sign up for a StudyBuddy account

RecComponent.js: Handles when the user clicks on the button to get a recommendation.

CalendarComponent.js: Displays and handles the buttons and forms that the user uses to create and delete events.

UserComponent.js: Renders the relevant information for the user.

## API Documentation

Postman Collection: The Server and the Client communicate through an API. The Postman Collection has examples and
tests for the API

## Tests

Junit: Junit Tests are used to test the different models and functions in our application.

Postman Tests: Automated tests for the server that simulate what the browser does by communicating with the server through HTTPS.
You must import the Postman collection and run the server to use these tests.

## Auxiliary files

.gitignore: Specifies which files must not be versioned (tracked) for git, because they belong on the developers machine and not with the project. For example, the .DS_Store files generated by Finder in macOS.

.travis.yml: Configuration for Travis CI that specifies how to run the tests for StudyBuddy.

build.gradle: Configuration for Gradle, which lists the libraries in which StudyBuddy depends, specifies that Server is the class that runs when the Server starts, specifies how to run unit tests, and so forth.

gradlew and gradlew.bat: Wrappers for Gradle for macOS/Linux and Windows, respectively. These wrappers install and run Gradle, simplifying the setup process.

README.md: This documentation.

settings.gradle: Gradle configuration generated by IntelliJ.


## Notes for using: Work in Progress
- sometimes adding a recommendation removes the scroll bar. Refresh the page and it should work again!
- accepting or declining a specific recommendation removes them all from the proposal list: we're working to fix this!
- be sure to correctly type in your fellow study buddy's email - otherwise we won't be able to generate recommendations between the two of you! We're working to have an autofill feature so this won't be an issue in the future

